1. The Interested Party is interested in the Project and wishes to purchase a Property in the Project of the type selected. To this effect, the Interested Party will provide the Developer with the EOI Amount on or at the same time as this EOI is signed by the Interested Party to indicate their interest.

2. The Interested Party agrees and acknowledges that the EOI (i) is not linked to a specific Property; (ii) is merely an expression of interest to buy a Property and does not constitute a sale and purchase agreement or binding contract; (iii) does not oblige the Developer to sell a specific property to the Interested Party for a specific price; and (iv) does not guarantee the allocation of a specific Property, rather the specific Property, its location, the price and the payment plan will be subject to availability and the signing of the Reservation Agreement.

3. The Developer shall invite the Interested Party to sign the Reservation Agreement (the Reservation Agreement) and/or the Sale and Purchase Agreement (the SPA) after finalization of the Project's concept. The Interested Party acknowledges and agrees that it will sign the Reservation Agreement and/or Sale and Purchase Agreement which will be based on the Developer's standard terms and conditions and payment plan applicable to all purchasers within the Project.

4. In case the Interested Party chooses to cancel this EOI at any time prior to execution of the Reservation Agreement and/or Sale and Purchase Agreement or does not sign the Reservation Agreement and/or Sale and Purchase Agreement within a period of 5 days from the date it is shared by the Developer, the EOI will be automatically terminated without the requirement for a legal notice, legal proceedings or court order or any other formality, and the EOI Amount shall be returned to the Interested Party as soon as reasonably practicable, without any interest. The Interested Party irrevocably acknowledges and agrees that it shall have no claims whatsoever against the Developer, including claims for compensation or damages under law or contract.

5. The Developer reserves the right to cancel this EOI at any time prior to entering into the Reservation Agreement and/or Sale and Purchase Agreement without the requirement for a court order, prior notice or any other formality. In the event that this EOI is cancelled by the Developer, the EOI Amount shall be returned to the Interested Party as soon as reasonably practicable without any interest and the Interested Party irrevocably acknowledges and agrees that it shall have no claims whatsoever against the Developer, including claims for compensation or damages under law or contract.

6. Any refund of the EOI Amount may take a minimum of 60 days and shall only be made to the same bank account from which the EOI Amount was transferred.

7. The Interested Party acknowledges and understands that the Project is in the conceptual stage. The Interested Party hereby agrees to waive any and all legal rights to claim for delay, interests, damages and losses against the Developer in the event the Project does not proceed, and the Reservation Agreement and/or the Sale and Purchase Agreement is not signed. The Interested Party hereby undertakes not to sue, commence, claim, voluntarily aid in any way, prosecute or cause to be commenced or prosecuted against the Developer or its parent, subsidiaries, assigns, transferees, representatives, principals, agents, officers or directors, any action, suit or other proceeding concerning this EOI, in this jurisdiction or any other.

8. This EOI is personal to the Interested Party and is not assignable or transferable to any third party and the Interested Party is strictly prohibited from at any and all times assigning or transferring its rights and obligations under this EOI to any third party.

9. The Developer may assign and/or transfer this EOI to any of its affiliated companies without requiring the consent of the Interested Party and to the fullest extent permitted by law the Interested Party hereby consents to such an assignment and or transfer.

10. The personal data provided in this EOI will be collected and processed by the Developer to respond to your interest and communicate with you about our projects, in accordance with our Data Privacy Policy at www.modon.com/privacy-policy.

11. This EOI shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and the federal laws of the United Arab Emirates to the extent applicable and shall be subject to the sole jurisdiction of the courts of Abu Dhabi.

I hereby confirm that I have fully understood and accepted the terms and conditions above-mentioned, and further confirm that the details provided by me in this EOI are true and accurate.
